BioSimulators technical documentation

This package provides a summary of the documentation for the

BioSimulators

 registry of biosimulation tools.

Tutorials for users and developers of simulation tools

Example SED-ML files and COMBINE archives. This includes examples for
the BioNetGen Language (BNGL), CellML, NeuroML/LEMS, the Smolydn
language, the Systems Biology Markup Language (SBML), SBML-fbc, SBML-
qual, SBML MASS models, and XPP.

FAQs for users and developers of simulation tools

Documentation about BioSimulators' conventions for users and
developers of simulation tools

Documementation for users of the Python packages for the individual
standardized simulation tools available through BioSimulators  AMICI
BioNetGen  BoolNet  CBMPy  COBRAPy  COPASI  GillesPy2  GINsim  MASSpy
NetPyNe  NEURON  OpenCOR  pyNeuroML  PySCeS  Smoldyn  tellurium  VCell
XPP

Documentation for using SED-ML and COMBINE archives with model
languages  BioNetGen Language (BNGL)  CellML  Smoldyn language
Systems Biology Markup Language (SBML)  XPP

URNs and specification URIs for using using SED-ML and COMBINE
archives with model languages              Language  EDAM format  SED-
ML URN  COMBINE archive specification URI  MIME type  Extensions  BNGL
format_3972  urn:sedml:language:bngl
http://purl.org/NET/mediatypes/text/bngl+plain  text/bngl+plain  .bngl
CellML  format_3240  urn:sedml:language:cellml
http://identifiers.org/combine.specifications/cellml
application/cellml+xml  .xml, .cellml  (NeuroML)/LEMS  format_9004
urn:sedml:language:lems
http://purl.org/NET/mediatypes/application/lems+xml
application/lems+xml  .xml  SBML  format_2585  urn:sedml:language:sbml
http://identifiers.org/combine.specifications/sbml
application/sbml+xml  .xml, .sbml  Smoldyn  format_9001
urn:sedml:language:smoldyn
http://purl.org/NET/mediatypes/text/smoldyn+plain  text/smoldyn+plain
.txt  XPP  format_9010  urn:sedml:language:xpp
http://purl.org/NET/mediatypes/text/x-xpp  text/x-xpp  .xpp

Documentation about the BioSimulators util library for developers of
simulation tools

Documentation about the BioSimulators test suite for developers of
simulation tools

Contents

